We all want to learn the best ways to monetize our own apps to make back our Aro or return on investment.
The best ways that tend to be publishing ads from some of the top mobile ad platforms that have sprung
up in the last several years.
Then of course in-app purchases which include consumable and non consumable purchases and subscriptions
apps can make money in many different ways such as showing in app videos incentivized ways whereby you
give in-game currency to the player that just filled out a survey performs a service or watched a video
ad inside your app etc..
I will explain all this in much greater detail a bit later.
The launch of an app is an event designed to get maximum exposure and start the big push to get the
ball rolling.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.